Add note about the license (#81)
vshn/application-catalog-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/explanations/decisions/local-objectstorage.adoc

Use https://min.io/[MinIO^] and write a custom Crossplane provider for managing MinIO (`provider-minio`).

> The provider will be released with the AGPL-3.0 license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provider will be released under the AGPL-3.0 license, just like https://github.com/minio/madmin-go/blob/main/LICENSE[madmin-go^].
```
